well you want darl she's going to die
what does she go into that forward you
man then why are you taking any help
because he stays out there under that
window hammer and it's on on that
goddamn box where she's got to see him
where every brush TT this is full of his
hammer and it's on where she can see him
saying see see what a good one I'm a
control you
I made it on the bevel one there is more
surface for the nails to grip too
there's twice the gripping surface for
each scene 3 the water will have to
remember last thing she said to you he
is my cross and he will be my salvation
god no jewel my mother is a fish
Oh
quick cash on the side of the river
gratis
when I was a boy I first learned how
much better water tasted when it has
said a while on a seizure bucket warm
school with the faint taste like a hot
July wind and cedar tree says as i said
at least six hours